It should not just be easy to put on
Thier that is probably the here
same
male
Early 30th
Bullet holes in the head and upper body
interesting case
I thought
that would be pure routine yes that thought the ORS of the place of discovery the death certificate
probably filtered out too
but this serve to notice that the corpse has no blood at all
the actual cause of death
was a completely different one
I'm curious Rostocker did not care that interested
too complicated
finally an interesting case and Piech is just to wash the corpse
what would
I had the cause of death
the Great
inwardly
but completely safe from the outside
but she already knows that
in this
Henri Hausen is in any case expelled in March
Weinzinger in the text leaves
probably this is an accident covered up here
his things are over there
Engineer I would have liked too
I have a knack for that
Many people know that in my free time I make inventions
Yes / Yes
my father pushed me into medical school
He always said a golden craft
and what did it bring me?
a rundown apartment in the street with a lot of street and a job just coli
the company
Yuma 22 then into the cool father
because a nice day
also Mark r
I could still do it nice
but I do not want that
this case had a passerby the superstar
Dr
more the